Yifanzhou/purview datamap 0901 (#34369)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/purview/azure-purview-datamap/README.md

> # Azure Purview Datamap client library for Python

Reviewer: Please complete README.md based on generated one.

Author: updated

Reviewer: [CI](https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/public/_build/results?buildId=3517353&view=logs&jobId=b70e5e73-bbb6-5567-0939-8415943fadb9&j=b70e5e73-bbb6-5567-0939-8415943fadb9&t=aea0e0e1-1e00-5c1b-bba8-b2b238976da3) shows README lacks some parts

Set the values of the client ID, tenant ID, and client secret of the AAD application as environment variables:
`AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID`, `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`

Use the returned token credential to authenticate the client:

```python
>>> from azure.purview.datamap import DataMapClient
>>> from azure.identity import DefaultAzureCredential
>>> client = DataMapClient(endpoint='<endpoint>', credential=DefaultAzureCredential())
```

## Key concepts

### Client

This package offers request builders so you can build http requests and send these requests to the service using the `send_request` method.
For more information on how to use request builders and our clients, see [here][request_builders_and_client].

## Examples

```python
>>> from azure.purview.datamap import DataMapClient
>>> from azure.identity import DefaultAzureCredential
>>> from azure.core.exceptions import HttpResponseError

>>> client = DataMapClient(endpoint='<endpoint>', credential=DefaultAzureCredential())
>>> try:
        client.type_definition.get()
    except HttpResponseError as e:
        print('service responds error: {}'.format(e.response.json()))

```

## Troubleshooting

## Next steps

> For more generic samples, see our [client docs][request_builders_and_client].

Reviewer: Where is the link of `request_builders_and_client`?

# Azure Purview Datamap client library for Python

> Microsoft Purview Data Map provides the foundation for data discovery and data governance. Microsoft Purview Data Map is a cloud native PaaS service that captures metadata about enterprise data present in analytics and operation systems on-premises and cloud. Azure PurviewDataMap client provides a set of APIs in Purview Data Map Data Plane. For a full list of APIs, please refer to [Data Map API](https://learn.microsoft.com/rest/api/purview/datamapdataplane/operation-groups?view=rest-purview-datamapdataplane-2023-09-01).

Reviewer 2: Nit I see the client name is DataMapClient also, do you need to call out `data-plane` in the description here? Are customers aware of this distinction?
```suggestion
Microsoft Purview Data Map provides the foundation for data discovery and data governance. Microsoft Purview Data Map is a cloud native PaaS service that captures metadata about enterprise data present in analytics and operation systems on-premises and cloud. DataMapClient provides a set of APIs in the Purview Data Map service. For a full list of APIs, please refer to [Data Map API](https://learn.microsoft.com/rest/api/purview/datamapdataplane/operation-groups?view=rest-purview-datamapdataplane-2023-09-01).
```

## Getting started

> ### Installating the package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Installing the package
```
